you guys welcome back to the Box
breakers multi sport coupe break for
january free whips calm / box breaker is
the website where we organize these for
breaks and continue on with our third
sport of the night and then it happened
to break all high-end stuff in this
break from four different sports and up
right now is a tin of 2005 which I can't
get open 2005 Cup all right we have to
go old school just rip it they better
make it worthwhile okay hey don't work
easier so now think back I said it
before and I was right the boxes that
are hard to get open usually pay off
with something nice this is the
2005-2006 okay and then this one all
teams are claims every car goes out and
we're looking for some foam no foam
all right six cards going on here let's
see what we got starting off with a
Christian Drury for the Sabres numbered
our 249 saint vs cubs fan 13 boy first
part of the break actually for you but
we've got baseball still to go it's
based on the back nope it's printing
plates next up a mat for a rookie auto
jersey number 193 of 199 I pick kept a
while for ten dollars as they went
unclaimed so boy goes to me next up nice
looking oh yeah again sorry about the
names 11 twist I know this one number 33
of 75 for the Rangers yeah Rangers I
don't know my don't know my hockey too
well i dunno i have the rangers though
so i get the lundkvist auto patch
signature patch next up the cup of wulin
probably doing Nikolai let's just call
him Nikolai number 10 of 25 he's a
blackhawk that means that a nub passed
him over and I didn't take the
Blackhawks just because nobody else
would so I get that one next up by Ray
Bourque her damn number down to 49 for
the base on the Bruins at Cape it 1978
and our 101 is a ryan craig authentic
yellow printing plate for ryan craig and
numbered one of one of course that's for
the lightning and lightning is cape at
1978 pick them up cheap too i believe
that they were unclaimed thinking what
ten bucks maybe 11 bucks so a 1 of 1
ryan craig non-auto but hey it's yours
so that'll do it for 2005 to
six cup and they'll do it for hockey so
we have one sport left it's baseball and
that's coming up next